RDE (Runtime Defined Entities) framework support with Runtime Defined Entity Interfaces resource and data source (1/3) (#965)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: .changes/v3.9.0/965-features.md

> * **New Resource:** `vcd_rde_interface` to manage the Defined Interfaces required to use RDE types [GH-965]

Author: I had two options here:

- Name it with a more "canonical" `vcd_defined_interface`
- Name it with a grouping `rde` prefix: `vcd_rde_interface`
- A mix of both: `vcd_rde_defined_interface`

I chose the second option but I have my doubts as it could be confusing.

> * **New Resource:** `vcd_rde_interface` to manage the Defined Interfaces required to use RDE types [GH-965]

Reviewer: Trying to suggest something self-explanatory for first-time users. Maybe like this?

```suggestion
* **New Resource:** `vcd_rde_interface` to manage Runtime Defined Entity Interfaces which are required for using Runtime Defined Entity (RDE) types [GH-965]
```

Author: Changed.

> * **New Data Source:** `vcd_rde_interface` to fetch existing Defined Interfaces [GH-965]

Reviewer: (This comment is not about change log, but an ask for the PR description.)

I suggest moving the "An example of a valid scenario" above the invalid example. Also, putting an inline comment into the invalid example that "it is wrong". This is to avoid accidental copy/pastes of the false example.
